When you first open the Level Editor, you'll see a menu bar with several options:
Menu Bar

    Options:
        Dockspace: Toggle the dockable windows feature on or off.
    Tools:
        Enable/Disable Editor Camera: Switch between using the editor's camera or the game's default view.
        Open File Browser: Opens a dialog to browse and select files.

Saving and Loading Scenes

    Save Current Scene: Save the current state of your scene to a file. By default, the file is named SavedScene.txt but can be changed in the text input box below this option.
    Load Scene File: Load an existing scene from a file. This opens a file browser where you can navigate to the scene you wish to load.

Scene Controls

    Play: Resume the scene if it is paused.
    Pause: Pause the scene's simulation.
    Stop: Completely stop the scene and clear all entities and reinitialize the scene from the start.
    Step Frame: When the scene is paused, advance the simulation by a single frame.

Debugging and Performance

    FPS Counter: Displays the current frames per second and frame time.
    Memory Usage: Shows information about the total, available, and used memory.
    Graphics Information: Outputs graphics card and driver information.
    Input: Lists the current state of keyboard and mouse inputs.
    List System Times: Show the amount of % loop time each system update is taking up

Entities Management
Tabs

    Game Objects: Manage entities within your scene.

Entities

    Create Entity: Add a new entity to the scene.
    Create Multiple Entities: Input a number to create multiple entities at once.
    Clone Entity: Create a duplicate of the selected entity.
    Delete selected entity: Remove the currently selected entity from the scene.

Entity Selection

Select an entity from the drop-down menu to view or edit its properties. If you delete an entity, the selection will update automatically.
Scene Management

If you decide to load a new scene, you can clear all existing entities and reset their IDs to load the scene cleanly.

Property Editor

Select the entity you want to edit

Lists all the components and its members 

Edit the members from the GUI

Prefab tool

Able to create entities from prefab

Edit prefabs

Save prefabs

And load prefabs

Assets browser

Lists all assets currently loaded

Able to replace current textures loaded with any texture of choice within the Resource/Texture Directory